what is treatsure
We are all about sharing food in the circular economy! treatsure shares and reallocates excess food resources to people who would treasure them, minimising food wastage
why use treatsure
With us, you can 1) save on food - for buffets, enjoy value, convenience, variety and fun, for groceries, enjoy savings of up to 60% and get it delivered to your doorstep 2) save our food - you’ll rescue good food from being wasted, do good while you enjoy food! 3) savour food - taste and explore good food you have yet to try out!
how treatsure start
treatsure is an imaginative startup tackling the age-old problem of food wastage with the power of technology and new solutions. Sometime in 2016, Preston witnessed his family throwing out consumable expiring food from his fridge. He wondered, “Might it be possible to have an app to redistribute food to others?” After brainstorming with his friend Kenneth and market research, the duo then found some potential in the B2C space and started working on the idea. In Sep 2017, the app was released on App Store and in 2018, it was released on the Play Store after repeated user requests. Today, we continue to press on with our mission to treat food as treasure!
what is treatsure purpose
The problem of food waste needs no introduction. In Singapore, an eye-popping 790,000 tons of food was wasted in 2015, a near 50% increase over a decade. Various methods of managing waste (eg. disposal, donation etc), meanwhile, have their own unique challenges. treatsure provides an alternative solution that will help address food wastage, while providing value to merchants and everyday consumers.
treatsure have store
Officially opened in 2021, the treatsure concept store is Singapore's first online-to-offline surplus grocery concept store in the CBD that marries technology with sustainability. Customers can buy online on the treatsure app and pick up their purchases at the store, while customers who are at the store will be able to browse through our app or a handheld device. The store also showcases nuggets of sustainability information for visitors to learn about, and brings educational awareness to the topic of food sustainability through workshops, events and tastings. Many of the furnishings and decor in the store is also upcycled or reused from second hand sources.
treatsure organise events
We curate, customise and conduct sustainability/innovation-themed experiences for corporates and schools, for both small and large groups. Please contact us and our team will be happy to assist you to organise your upcoming event! This could include: 1) educational interactive sharings on sustainability, innovation or entrepreneurship, 2) exciting physical or virtual visit to our concept store and/or our sustainability partners, and 3) engaging hands-on activities such as baking, food craft, upcycling and games
How hotel buffet takeaway work
Step 1 - Choose the hotel/restaurant you'd like to visit in the app and plan a trip down to the restaurant within the stipulated timeframe of that outlet in the app. Step 2 - Flash your treatsure app, scan a QR code at the counter & make payment before you'll receive your box from the restaurant (alternatively, you may also buy a reusable treatsure box from us in advance on our e-store page and get it delivered/picked up!) Step 3 - Head to the buffet line to choose and fill up your treatsure box with yummy food!
How grocery work
Step 1 - Browse surplus grocery products through each merchant's page on the app. Step 2 - Add any items you'd like to order (even from different merchants) to your combined cart. Step 3 - Checkout your cart (trolley icon) before Mon 2pm (cycle 1) or Thu 2pm (cycle 2) and choose your delivery or pickup timeslots in the app! Pickups only on Tue, Fri and Sat at our Oxley Tower store, deliveries are on Tue/Wed and Fri/Sat!
what are treasures
‘Treasures‘ refer to the F&B products merchants post at their discretion to their store page on the app. We call them treasures as part of our message to treasure food. Each of these excess food products originally doomed for the dump ought to be treasured like treasure.
What is the difference between an ordinary treasure and a 'steal' treasure?
An ordinary treasure is made public on a merchant outlet page at any time within a merchant’s operating hours. It can be stored in your treasure chest and must be redeemed within 25 minutes from storing, or less (if it’s in the last 25 minutes of operations). No one can steal your treasure unless you do not arrive within the time limit. A steal treasure, however, often appears on a merchant outlet page less frequently than ordinary treasures. It cannot be stored in your treasure chest and customers have to steal it as soon as possible at the store, while stocks last (ie a fastest first policy). Someone else might steal your treasure if you do not steal it ASAP.
which shop have treasures
On the Home screen, a merchant that has available treasures and is open will be lit up, while a merchant that has no treasures or is closed will be dim and faded out. Alternatively, you can go to your notification settings under 'my profile' tab, turn on your notifications and select the merchants you would to receive treasure alerts from.
access hotel page
There are a couple of ways: (1) From the Home screen, scroll through and click on the Merchant to access their outlet pages. (2) Alternatively, use the “treasure hunt” function and run a search by merchant. (3) You could also use the treasure map function to view the nearby outlets to your location, and click on the available pins to view the outlets.
what are treatmarks
A play on the word ‘trademarks’, treatmarks refer to marking of products as one’s favourites in treatsure. You can treatmark an item when it appears as a treasure, and untreatmark it by clicking the button again. To view your list of treatmarks, simply go to the side drawer and look for the tab labelled ‘treatmarks’.
25-minute time limit
For most treasures, there is a 25-minute time limit from the time of storing your treasures into your treasure chest. For example, if you store it at 7pm, you will have up till 7.25pm to redeem it. If not, your treasure will be forfeited and given up to others. The redemption time is based on the app’s clock and it will be reflected with each treasure posting. You can also see the remaining time you have in your treasure chest after storing, so it will be best to be early. This policy brings fairness to both merchants and customers. The 25-minute rule will ensure that people do not irresponsibly hoard the treasure for the entire day. You are advised to set aside some time buffer and arrive around 15 minutes after storing, so that you will have time to browse your items and pay for them.
exceptions to the 25-minute time limit
There are 2 exceptions. The first is for normal treasures in the last stretch. For instance, if the merchant sets its last redemption timing before closing to be 9.45pm, and you store it at 9.30pm, there will be no 25-minute time limit for that. Your redemption must take place by 9.45pm. A second exception is for steal treasures, which have no time limit but they are dependent on a fastest-first policy of redemption.
how many treasures
At the moment, we will be limiting each person to one redemption for each treasure. There will however be no limits as to different types of treasures within each outlet (eg. one of each type of treasure in an outlet).
payment
Payment is done at the store. The app merely stores the treasure for you to redeem. You will have to pay and collect your item at the store.
redeem my treasure
After you have promptly picked your product at the store and ready to make payment at the counter, you may go to the counter and show your certificate of enjoyment in the treasure chest to the staff. The staff will provide you with a QR code for scanning and you can click ‘SCAN’ to authenticate the transaction.
late or no show at store
Your treasure will be forfeited if you arrive late or do not show up. Further, we may suspend your account if you repeatedly do not show up to redeem your stored treasures.
cancel treasure
At the moment, there is no option to cancel your storing. The moment you click ‘STORE‘, we hope you will be committed to redeeming it and it must be within the time limit. It will be unfair to many other customers and the merchants if buyers start cancelling their stored treasures or if customers arrive very late. We therefore urge you to consider carefully before storing any treasure.
treatsur
We treat food as treasure!
'best before' and 'use by'
Best before: in its best condition before the date, when it reaches its date, discern with your 5 senses if you still can consume past the date, it may still be in good, not best condition for some time. Use by: safe for use to consume by the date, especially for dairy and other bacterially sensitive products - safer to adhere to consuming near date

